so has to be shortening all right
welcome everyone to the weekly Jas ipfs
def call we have prepared open so first
of all we need a note taker any
volunteers
I can take that all right thank you in
this meeting then note-taking isn't too
much work because everyone is posting
his items anyway please everyone put
your name under the attendee list if you
want to show up with the protocols
alright today the meeting is without a
bit
therefore I'm the host for today and are
there any so if there's any additional
agenda items please put them on the
agenda list and we will get to them
after the roundtable so let's get
started
M I got started with miso and yeah and
as with so many people please keep it
short so I think it's more important to
know what roughly the other states so
don't get into too much detail so I read
again on the dag API for the IPAs
JavaScript stuff and hopefully it will
soon be finished for the CLI is well s
for the HTTP API and I'm also looking to
the flow
typing stuff so for those I'm not aware
of it we want to move introduce a type
system called flow and we're currently
starting with some repositories and we
try to move them over to flow all right
that's for me so the next one on my list
is
vesko samples if I pronounce the names
you Roley please great all right
you
that's cool can you hear us or not well
then we just move on and then we come
back to him later on so who's next on
the list who go let's see here yes so
I'm still on burning so I've been
reading all the documentation and going
through all the posters and stuff like
that I had talked with the Viet to talk
about t.o.p ours I selected the
everything we talked about it so we only
need to complete the definition of each
item and for this week I will be working
on at least two issues one will be
improving the error message on the CLI
and the other one will be finishing up
or working with a already open call
requests about the accepting standing
pods the on the CLI on the commands that
make sense to accept standard input
directly on the CLI so it will be
basically it for now all right thank you
so the next one is aching brain I so
lost because on holiday so you didn't
get anything done but I've been working
on this stream splicing so if you if you
try to cut a readable stream to take a
an officer and a length previously it
was begin and end and it followed the
JavaScript slice
semantics but some there was a request
on the spec to make it be offset in
length so it's consistent with the files
read command in the go implementation so
the interesting thing about that is it
uses offset and count instead of offset
and length which to me seems really
weird and not very natural kind of thing
I don't know if anyone has got any
strong opinions about whether it should
be offset length versus offset count
literally just the name of the argument
you know it so I'm going to finish that
off
hopefully tomorrow and then pick up
where I left off on the EMFs
implementation
let me alright thank you
so I'm definitely for link instead of
count but alright so a Jacob is next yes
so last week I got the s3 datastore
working so there's a new repo for that
and then I started looking at the
private network stuff I'll be continuing
on that this week I also am gonna be
working on making the file Locker for
the repo an optional thing as well as
making that configurable because it's an
issue we ran into with s3 is right now
you can only specify an FS or a memory
lock file so being able to extend that
or just mark it as optional so I'll be
working on that today and tomorrow and I
have no blockers
all right I just had to get more people
in so I have no clue why this a venule
thing for me but alright so um who's
next on the list is if it's you go
what's your update hello just a note
bashful says he stuck you can't I
already managed to get all right I will
do okay so my update of last week I've
been working trying to solve the earth
with AI issue made a bunch of pull
requests like last week I'm a little bit
blocked because many repos need to be
released the VA is doing that also
Volker helped me with that today for
this week I'll try to to end this issue
to solve it
make the other dependencies in every
ripples to be up to date and make a
little app working with minified version
of JFS that's it
all righty thank you
then we go on this fresco is his big no
yeah hey guys sorry my computer just
crashed and the reboots so this is was
finally my unborn awake in the beginning
like Monday and the end of Tuesday I
mostly read the commutation and to watch
some talks later then I started looking
for some issues for usually easy or
moderate difficulty like David suggested
mainly I created a public or internally
method forgetting Yoast data then
provide access to bundled libraries when
browser display error when using a known
July options and then I started another
issue but in the weekend it was created
a pull request by another user so I just
did the review today blogged about the
okie ours I had a chest there I talked
to it the width service worker where I
need more information about it and
meanwhile I wait for that information I
will continue in the issues and it's all
alright thank you
the next one is Dimitri so last week I
mainly worked on a shoestring I managed
to get it to pass the switch and we may
interrupt with the Halloween concert and
I got pretty much all the tests and if
you pass in except for one
[Music]
so I I think I made some pretty good
progress with Romanian there stood
absolutely so from there revelation and
we're here handling and like a little
bit faster by perhaps you know I'm
really not allocating so many buffers
and then also the the timeout for does
stuff in queue inhabited dcpl which was
given issue so many users we're trying
to do some piece of dealing there and we
pronounced and just just like standalone
applications that if you have a if you
don't put down I because even properly
he believed the log files the time and
then trying to start increasing the time
out to put that supposed to do run
through those are still running with the
same time out and then you're also
allowed to pass your custom time
operative stuff I'm sure so just gonna
continue working on the multiplexer just
speak describe any penalty clear the
closer to grab dinner I need to make
just a bit assembly I think this week
will be able to to get that all right
thank you the Knicks oneness car hello I
finally last week got all the sub
dependencies and tests for the rest of
it directory to work so that's ready
I also added in the data store
async flag which the original issue
asked for the ability to sync but it
turns out that's the default so I had
enough line to turn that off switch
exactly mirrors how it turned out with
go the go ipfs implementation not
blocked on anything this week I'm
looking into the implementation status
markdown file for the things that the
jas implementation wants to have and
doesn't yet this morning I looked and
that looks like the bit swap unwanted he
is in there it's just not exposed yet so
all the that's what I'm working on is
just going down that list
all right thank you so next one is I
think everyone can read it himself but
it's done so I think I'm pretty sure
that I've had added a couple of the
things that I've worked on over the past
couple months I have been added and
should be updated an implementation
status markdown document so I will also
go try to look at that and and the
changes that I know that have been
approved yeah added since then that I've
written since then so last week I didn't
do that much I think I fixed it
continued to just kind of look at and
review clean up the pin work it is ready
for review on or ready for like a final
sweep
I've pinged a couple places and and some
have listed some things that might not
have received enough attention maybe
they have but they just didn't have any
comments or just want to make sure that
they did get some attention in the giant
pin pair and JSF BFS and yeah so
whatever you guys have time to whenever
anyone has time if you want to look
through that and making suggestions I
think that there are there's maybe two
ongoing issues with that but I don't
quite know if it's in the scope to solve
of the pin PR to solve them or and
there's also another thing that I just
don't know if it's doing anything but I
want to make sure that every that well I
get another opinion on that and that's
all in the pin comments another thing
was that so this weekend I spent some
time basically just yesterday spend some
time looking at kind of like Dropbox
like like like cloud storage solutions
and file system file sharing things with
the idea and this is prompted by Debbie
until asked me about this but with Adia
that of maybe building like pure D app
for like a like a pure box kind of
application based on the CR DT work that
Paige was doing and all that is other
dynamic data stuff so I would love to
just actually made a proposal for that
like two minutes ago and I have a link
to it in the craft pad I would love for
feedback if anyone wants to give their
ideas on that and I'd love to talk to
Pedro because I still you know I just
have like a high level understanding
books might be needed for that
all right thank you so the next one is
such a real crashes from the jet a pivot
they even it was sometimes crashing with
we were never for some reason and with a
few PRS for that I am also currently
working on getting the chase activist
kill I to run in the browser but it can
be used for documentation examples and
other stuff but useless but with fun I
give s on the machine and I've also
created a small - script that's
basically update link record in an
automatic way and I must locked anything
but I will welcome ending this video and
yeah most mood takes us to the
particular dialect ah and eventually
deployment elantra and all for me
alright thank you so the next one is
people so good last to be here so today
I just finished a first iteration of the
leap you to peer connection management
library so for those that don't know
it's something that purpose of that is
to allow more efficient connection
management and for the application to be
able to define the value of the peers
and some thresholds above which it's not
willing to go and the thresholds may be
number of connected peers or number of
active peers for transport or event loop
delay or mercy
or cent bytes per minute so it's the
first first iteration is there I
finished it
so I'm blocked on how to expose that on
leakage appear and in consequence how to
expose that on gpfs and I have a
proposal for that also I'm blocked on on
releasing the first version of that
library and next week I want to talk to
John about pure box sounds really cool
I wanted to define finished the
connection management API in the
peer-to-peer I want to test that in the
wild with charities applications and I
feel this stuff that I've been working
on and also I'm going to analyze what
what it's needed to address comethis
requirements about connection
management's where we want to be able to
deny connections before they're
established so right now connection
management works doesn't work
preemptively in the sense that if the
threshold is surpassed we just kill the
less appear the connection with the peer
with least well at least value whatever
that means by the fan body application
but but right now it still has to go
through the second dance so establishing
a secure channel etc while the kebab is
wants to depending on the transport just
deny new connections immediately so I'm
going to be and why
well anyone is welcome to
[Music]
to help me on on that I will be
analyzing that and see what are the
required changes on all the differences
in friend transports if if there are any
and that's it for me there was a
Christian from Dmitry yeah I was
thinking that I think my this is mostly
interested in pensions and I'm sure I'm
not even sure if it's possible to I'm
not I don't know but I looked briefly
and I didn't find it but yeah you're
right I don't
very a way to prevent connect vent
prevent form from listening I'm not not
sure but I don't think there is but one
thing that we could prevent is not doing
the all the the handshake of the second
dance on top of that so if you could
prevent that that would be I think a win
because we will disconnect from that
peer anyway so that would that would
save some some cycles alright next one
is who marries
M Coomer miss us tone muted yes hello
you all covered my concerns very well
building the B and C so yeah we have an
issue with connections and bringing the
browser down so yes I think Pedro's
approach is good but then we're also
very limited by what the who ever to see
API is providing if we can like really
solidify that requirement I think we can
deliver that to Chrome and they've been
shipping features and more vertices
that's nice to see
so then once once once we have that or
have factly something I can resume my
peering experiments and I can provide
data of what how that performs in a real
world environment Thanks all right
thanks and then we have seen not too
much hacked on pull streams and get so
there's a PR out probably needs a little
bit more work on tests but I'm looking
for feedback just to make sure it's the
right direction it's the correct
interface and everyone's happy with it
the thing there is that I'm becoming
king of breaking changes everywhere so
there's a lot of sort of like PRS that
are kind of in stasis that are kind of
blocked on the IPL date format change
and then once that goes through I will
go through all the little projects and
make the rest of the breaking changes
and add tests up next sort of gunfire
anywhere what I was thinking maybe I'll
jump into whippy-tippy
what help-wanted issues are available
and take those up unless there's
something an IP LD that's like more
pressing that more or less free to take
up I didn't really see much that
wouldn't already be blocked by IP LD
format changes I think all right that's
it all right things a quick update on
the IP LD format changes so I'm still on
it
so I'm one hina on the floats things the
other on the format changes but I really
get to push them through so hopefully
this week perhaps we may get some
definitive merges and then we'll see
alright and we already reached the half
an hour which should be the end of the
meeting so everyone is free to leave but
I would want to know because I guess Mia
so many people finally and if it still
makes sense to make the round table the
way we currently do it because as you
can see we already reached me half an
hour
and so my proposition would be perhaps
we should just and put the same things
as we clearly do into the crap head if
we basically don't talk about what we've
done and what we do next
but we only talk about the block stuff
em perhaps and a new section called
questions or something
so you can then basically this cancer is
someone that you need to talk to like
for example like sane was talked with me
about the format changes or Pedro with
Demetri Commerce or something so we have
more time for this so are there any
opinions all right it's kind of useful
to - for people to verbalize it because
like links to PRS are very succinct and
not tell bunch of information so since
I'm new I'm new to this group I would
prefer that people verbalize it
themselves that's me
M okay between
I sort of agree with liberal I think
it's still there's still value and
having talking about the truth but I
think this meeting is too short to add
value up for that it's only once a week
all right perhaps and the other idea is
that like to somehow shorten it some way
perhaps just talking about the the
things that you've worked on because as
you can't really predict what you would
like of course you have a plan to work
on but like it doesn't really matter
that much like what you will work on so
perhaps me to basically skip it down to
just what you've worked on what you're
working on and the things to discuss
loose it could potentially make it like
a third faster perhaps ideally just as
an idea but yeah every time I in this
very meeting though I talked about what
I'm planning and working on and it was
realized by someone else that the thing
I was gonna work on needed to be updated
because some things that aren't even
worked there so I already saw that there
was value in that okay so I guess the
like it seems like a good idea might be
that we make it officially like 45
minutes long so we don't over run it by
an hour and then perhaps like again like
trying to make everyone basically yeah
we're using it to the important things
so basically keep it short alright just
like I totally also like I also prefer
busy to hear from people so I've ever
basically for me it is about the
awareness like who's working on what to
get an idea if I have any questions all
right so I don't want to over put it
even more so are there any further
comments I don't see any hands so thanks
for attending so I close the meeting for
day and we talked next week the time
oh boy hi guys